For DB Operation 
1. Configure application.properties to connect to your MySQL database. Let's open an application.properties file and add the following database configuration to it. Also, note that we have added MySQL dependency to pom.xml so spring boot will auto-configure all database related beans and configurations internally.

Retrieval operation of employee details API added additionally Create Employee with Update and Delete Functionality API added in the Spring Boot Project

2.In Angular side

create a new Angular 7 Web Application using this Angular CLI command.
The Angular CLI is a command-line interface tool that you use to initialize, develop, scaffold, and maintain Angular applications. 

I Listed bbellow component, Service and Module

Components
create-employee
employee-list
employee-details
Services
employee.service.ts - Service for Http Client methods
Modules
FormsModule
HttpClientModule
AppRoutingModule.
Employee Class (Typescript class)
employee.ts: class Employee (id, firstName, lastName, emailId)

In a real-world setup where you have your Angular CLI development server running on http://localhost:4200 and your backend API (in whichever technology you like) running on some other port or even host, let’s say http://localhost:8080 (this could also be http://dev-123.mycompany.com or something else ofc).
When you then want to execute an HTTP call within the app, you’d have to write something like this, indicating the full path of your backend API.

Obviously, the base URL (i.e. the host) can be configured in a central place somewhere, such as via the environment.ts file (that gets generated by the Angular CLI). But there’s another issue as well. Unless you’re creating some publicly consumable API and you inject the required CORS headers, you’ll most probably get some CORS exceptions.


Configuring your Angular CLI dev-server proxy
There are different options:
add the proper CORS headers - This is definitely a must in a case when you design a generic API where you don’t even know the consumer.
use a proxy - A proxy is a piece of software which is in between your JavaScript/Angular app doing the Ajax request and your backend API. This is the choice to go in a classic app.
In this Societe Generale Test I have used proxy to configure our Angular CLI dev-server proxy.
To set it up, we need to create a file proxy.conf.json at the root of our Angular CLI project.

Run the developed Angular App with a command: npm start


3. Integartion Test Case added in Spring boot app







Thanks,
Swagat


